so Jen you excited scription Hampshire
ever been up here before with Danielle
no I haven't hey girls remember when it
gets dark make sure you don't want one
why why she never let go
cuz my mom said no no words what
no you guys my mom said we can't I
really wouldn't be coming to do you're
just scared can't you're with me right I
don't really want to be run yeah yeah
yeah all right guys well I mean we're a
group of four girls yeah hunger can be
just for math please can breathe Sophie
not funny stop you guys where's the past
I lost it like Imelda Sophie you were
leaning us yeah let you guys knew if
there's no path how we supposed to find
our way back then what's the fun and
going in the path we can't get that yeah
the point is that we don't like die
Sookie this is just you guys were Sophie
who's that goodness Jen okay she was
like two feet behind us that's no Jen
this isn't funny Danielle
Oh Danielle okay this is not funny you
guys this is not funny
ok this is this is seriously this is not
funny and I know you guys think this is